Correct the documentation for create_doc privilege (#47784)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/authorization/privileges.asciidoc

However, it does not enable a user to update existing documents.
+
--
[NOTE]
====

> This privilege relies on the `op_type` of indexing requests (<<docs-index_>> and

Reviewer: > This privilege relies on....

It seems to me that the implication here is that when you have only create_doc privilege, you cannot use the index or bulk APIs successfully unless you use one of the three options below.  If that's true, I don't think we're making that dependency clear enough.  I'd suggest changing "the op_type can be set to create..." to something like "...you must set the op_type to create..."

Reviewer 2: Perhaps something more like _you must ensure that the op_type is set to create_ ?

However, it does not enable a user to update existing documents.
+
--

> NOTE: This privilege requires the `op_type` as `create` on the Index or Bulk API.

Reviewer 2: I don't feel like this explanation is really going to make sense to the typical user. The wording that is being replaced was clearer (even though out of date).

My suggestion is below, but I'd like @lcawl's input.

```suggestion
NOTE: This privilege relies on the `op_type` (_link here_) of indexing requests. When ingesting documents as a user who has the `create_doc` privilege (and no higher privilege such as `index` or `write`), the `op_type` can be set to `create` through one of the following:
1. Explicitly setting the `op_type` parameter (_link_) on the Index API or Bulk API
2. Calling the `_create` endpoint (_link_)
3. Creating a document with an auto-generated `_id` (_link_?)
```
